#299 Added confirmation before destroy with list of dependent modules (#1823)
gruntwork-io/terragrunt: docs/_docs/02_features/execute-terraform-commands-on-multiple-modules-at-once.md

Note that this graph shows the dependency relationship in the direction of the arrow (top down), however terragrunt will run the action
in reverse order (bottom up)

> **Note:** During execution of `destroy` command, Terragrunt will try to find all dependent modules and show a confirmation prompt with a list of all detected dependencies, because once resources will be destroyed, any commands on dependent modules will fail with missing dependencies. For example, if will be executed `destroy` on `redis`, will be asked to confirm action because `backend-app` depends on `redis`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** During execution of `destroy` command, Terragrunt will try to find all dependent modules and show a confirmation prompt with a list of all detected dependencies, because once resources will be destroyed, any commands on dependent modules will fail with missing dependencies. For example, if `destroy` was called on the `redis` module, you will be asked to confirm the action because `backend-app` depends on `redis`. You can avoid the prompt by using `--terragrunt-non-interactive`.
```
